Hello, I'm Kesha Williams.
Welcome to my course,
Web Services and APIs.
Today, I'm going to teach you about the importance of documenting your APIs.
When we talk about documentation versus coding,
any developer will tell you that coding is definitely
more fun than keeping documentation up to date.
But documenting your code and APIs are important.
It helps others better understand your code and your APIs.
Today, we will review Swagger which dynamically generates
documentation from your Java code and some of its components like Swagger UI.
I will show you how to add Swagger to your project and configure it.
We will wrap up with discussing ways to customize Swagger's output to meet your needs.
So let's get started.